README.md, before:


---
Firefox based browsers are not supported right now. Working on it

1. Clone the repository using Git:
   ``` bash
   git clone https://github.com/Sama-004/cf-cheater-flagger
   ```
2. Go to `about:config` on your firefox browser and search for xpinstall and set `xpinstall.signatures.required` to `false`
Here's how your about:config should look like
![xpinstall](https://github.com/Sama-004/cf-cheater-flagger/assets/70210929/3ef027cc-46b4-411f-865c-d38d625a39ce)

3. Now go to `about:addons` and click on install add-on from file and go to the cloned folder (`cf-cheater-flagger`) and select the cheater.xpi file and click on add

4. The extension should now be loaded and ready to use.

### Installation Guide for CF Cheater Flagger Chrome Extension

1. Clone the repository using Git:
   ``` bash
   git clone https://github.com/Sama-004/cf-cheater-flagger
   ```
2. Open Google Chrome and go to `chrome://extensions/`.

3. Enable developer mode using the toggle switch at the top right corner of the page.

4. Click on "Load unpacked" from the options that appear.

5. Select the cloned folder (`cf-cheater-flagger`) from your file system.

6. The extension should now be loaded and ready to use.

### Verification

Visit [https://codeforces.com/profile/garro](https://codeforces.com/profile/garro) to verify if the extension is working correctly. This user has 9 skipped solutions. Here's how the profile would look

![Working example](https://github.com/Sama-004/cf-cheater-flagger/assets/70210929/7f9bb5ef-d6f1-4bed-af8c-0965857fd8f8)

### Feedback

This extension is actively under development. Any feedback and suggestions are greatly appreciated.

---

Commit message:

changed cheater detection logic
earlier it was only checking for a skipped solution from a user but this is not the correct way to find cheaters as a solution can be skipped if a user submits the same solution twice. The new logic is to only sort the skipped solutions in a contest and not outside of contest and if all the submissions in the contest is skipped then he is a cheater

README.md, after:

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Firefox Installation](#firefox-installation)
  - [Chrome Installation](#chrome-installation)
- [Verification](#verification)
- [Feedback](#feedback)

---
### Firefox Installation

1. Clone the repository using Git:
   ``` bash
   git clone https://github.com/Sama-004/cf-cheater-flagger
   ```
2. Go to `about:config` on your firefox browser and search for xpinstall and set `xpinstall.signatures.required` to `false`.
Here's how your about:config should look like
![xpinstall](https://github.com/Sama-004/cf-cheater-flagger/assets/70210929/3ef027cc-46b4-411f-865c-d38d625a39ce)

3. Now go to `about:addons` and click on install add-on from file and go to the cloned folder (`cf-cheater-flagger`) and select the cheater.xpi file and click on add

4. The extension should now be loaded and ready to use.

### Chrome Installation

1. Clone the repository using Git:
   ``` bash
   git clone https://github.com/Sama-004/cf-cheater-flagger
   ```
2. Open Google Chrome and go to `chrome://extensions/`.

3. Enable developer mode using the toggle switch at the top right corner of the page.

4. Click on "Load unpacked" from the options that appear.

5. Select the cloned folder (`cf-cheater-flagger`) from your file system.

6. The extension should now be loaded and ready to use.

### Verification

Visit [https://codeforces.com/profile/garro](https://codeforces.com/profile/garro) to verify if the extension is working correctly. This user has 9 skipped solutions. Here's how the profile would look

![Working example](https://github.com/Sama-004/cf-cheater-flagger/assets/70210929/7f9bb5ef-d6f1-4bed-af8c-0965857fd8f8)

### Feedback

This extension is actively under development. Any feedback and suggestions are greatly appreciated.
Discord: sama004
Twitter: [sama__004](https://x.com/sama__004)



---
